if any of you are aware of the parameter
or option to either this ad that is only
hash this will be familiar but basically
this is a node or JS module to allow you
to just add add things and get a hash
out but without running an IP FS node
it's basically a wrapper around the IVFs
UNIX FS importer with in-memory IPO D
data stores and stuff like that
even still you typically use it node you
just an NPM install it IP that's only
hash and and yeah once you've got it you
might use it like this you just require
it and then you just say what's the hash
of my data and then you wait for that
and then you can log it out and that's
fine so let's demo it hooray okay so
what we're going to do is we're going to
create our own little command-line
utility to so that we can get the hash
of things so what are we going to do
we're going to just oh wow improved okay
all right
how does this work so cook so we require
this I TFS only hash yeah awesome I need
you to be my linter okay and then we'll
do something like hash of and then
because of that because no js' streams
are also can you see this yeah you can
I'm also a sync iterators we can just
pass standard in to to this module that
we've got and then and because it's a
it's promise based I can just then and
I'll just log out the result so that's
cool let's save that oh wait I don't
know how this works
go away go away
let's do it again sorry there we go
and then so I now I should be able to
just sort of send some data to to this
thing so node hash hash off and I should
get an IC ID so it's just it's taken my
hello string I piped it into this
program and then it's giving me back a
hash which is rat but the cool thing is
that I should be able to just swap this
out for ipfs ad and in theory I should
get back the same hash array it works
and that's it thank you for listening
[Applause]